fix(words): improve language (#203)
GlareDB/glaredb.github.io: index.md

has_children: true
---

## What is GlareDB?

Data lives everywhere, as files on laptops, servers, and [S3], or in
other database systems like [Postgres], [Snowflake], and
[MongoDB]. Data lives in many formats, like [Excel], [CSV] and
[Parquet]. And this is just the beginning. _GlareDB is a tool that
recognizes that it makes sense to store and work with data in
different systems_, and provides a system for querying, manipulating,
and storing data in the best way possible.

**GlareDB makes all of your data SQL addressable, no matter what form
it's in** So you can query (and `JOIN`!) and manipulate your data it
using standard tools that you may already know.

## How do I get it?

If you're working with data from Python or Node.js, you can get a
complete GlareDB with just:

```shell
pip install glaredb
```

or:

```shell
npm install glaredb
```

You can install an interactive terminal program `glaredb` with:

```shell
curl https://glaredb.com/install.sh | sh
```

You can sign up for [GlareDB Cloud], which provides fully managed and

> entirely severless deployments via the PostgreSQL protocol.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
entirely serverless deployments via the PostgreSQL protocol.
```

Don't worry! If you start using the embedded version of GlareDB and

> later out grow the confines of your laptop (or edge function!) moving

Reviewer: ```suggestion
later outgrow the confines of your laptop (or edge function!) moving
```

to GlareDB Cloud just requires adding a connection string!

See the [Getting started] guide for more!

## Where does GlareDB fit into your stack?

![Where GlareDB fits](/assets/images/where-glaredb-fits.png)

> Where ever you need it too! GlareDB brings a complete, fully featured

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wherever you need it too! GlareDB brings a complete, fully featured
```

data analytics engine to wherever you're working with data. Use glare

> do be:

Reviewer: glare do -> GlareDB ?
